#TransportApiSharp


##BusStopsNearResponse
            
The return class for TransportApiClient.BusStopsNear
        

##TransportApiClient
            
A .Net client for the TransportAPI UK public transport API.
        
###Properties

####LastError
Gets the last error message generated by a method.
###Methods


####Constructor
Initialises a new TransportApiClient class.
> #####Parameters
> **appId:** The application's Id. Get this from the TransportAPI site.

> **appKey:** The application's key. Get this from the TransportAPI site.

> **handler:** Used to inject an alternative System.Net.Http.HttpMessageHandler. Used for unit testing. Defaults to null.


####BusStopsNear(System.Double,System.Double,System.Int32,System.Int32)
If there is an error, LastError will contain the error message.
Returns bus stops near a given geographic position.
> #####Parameters
> **lat:** The latitude of the position in question.

> **lon:** The longitude of the position in question.

> **page:** The page number of the result set. Defaults to 1.

> **stopsPerPage:** The number of stops per page. Defaults to 25.

> #####Return value
> A BusStopsNearResponse class, or null if there was an error.

####BusStopsInBoundingBox(System.Double,System.Double,System.Double,System.Double,System.Int32,System.Int32)
If there is an error, LastError will contain the error message.
Returns bus stops in a bounding box (a geographical rectangle).
> #####Parameters
> **north:** The northernmost latitude in the rectangle.

> **south:** The southernmost latitude in the rectangle.

> **east:** The easternmost longitude in the bounding box.

> **west:** The westernmost longitude in the bounding box.

> **page:** The page number of the results set.

> **stopsPerPage:** The stops per page.

> #####Return value
> A BusStopsNearResponse class, or null if there was an error.

####BusLive(System.String,System.Boolean,System.Int32,System.Boolean)
If there is an error, LastError will contain the error message. Live bus data is not available in all areas, and in some areas outside of London and a few others is only available from the NextBuses datasource. This costs 10 hits.
Returns bus departures from a given stop.
> #####Parameters
> **atcoCode:** The ATCO code of the bus stop of interest.

> **group:** If set to true, groups the departures by bus route, otherwise returns just one group.

> **limit:** The number of departures to return in each group. Defaults to 3.

> **nextBuses:** If set to true the function uses the NextBuses datasource. Defaults to false.

> #####Return value
> A BusTimetableResponse class, or null if there was an error.

####GetBusOperators
Gets a list of bus operators.
> #####Return value
> A List of BusOperator classes.

####Dispose
Performs application-defined tasks associated with freeing, releasing, or resetting unmanaged resources.